---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "prismacloudcompute_ci_coderepo_compliance_policy Resource - terraform-provider-prismacloudcompute"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# prismacloudcompute_ci_coderepo_compliance_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `rule` (Block List) Rules that make up the policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the policy.

<a id="nestedblock--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Optional:

- `collections` (List of String) Collections used to scope the rule.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to disable the rule.
- `effect` (String) The effect of the rule. Can be set to 'ignore' or 'alert'.
- `license` (Block List, Max: 1) License compliance section. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--license))
- `name` (String) Unique name of the rule.
- `notes` (String) Free-form text field.

<a id="nestedblock--rule--license"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.license`

Optional:

- `alert_threshold` (Block List, Max: 1) Threshold for generating license alerts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--license--alert_threshold))
- `block_threshold` (Block List, Max: 1) Threshold for generating license alerts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--license--block_threshold))
- `critical` (List of String) List of licenses with critical level of violation.
- `high` (List of String) List of licenses with high level of violation.
- `low` (List of String) List of licenses with low level of violation.
- `medium` (List of String) List of licenses with medium level of violation.

<a id="nestedblock--rule--license--alert_threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.license.alert_threshold`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to disable compliance alerts.
- `value` (Number) Minimum compliance severity to generate an alert. Can be set to 0=off, 1=low, 4=medium, 7=high, and 9=critical.


<a id="nestedblock--rule--license--block_threshold"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.license.block_threshold`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to disable compliance alerts.
- `value` (Number) Minimum compliance severity to generate an alert. Can be set to 0=off, 1=low, 4=medium, 7=high, and 9=critical.


