---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "prismacloudcompute_credential Resource - terraform-provider-prismacloudcompute"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# prismacloudcompute_credential (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) Account identifier (username, access key, etc.).
- `api_token` (Block List, Max: 1) The plain and encrypted version of the API token (the plain version is never stored in the database) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--api_token))
- `ca_cert` (String) CA certificate for certificate-based authentication.
- `description` (String) Description of the credential.
- `external` (Boolean) Indicates if the credential is external (true) or not (false).
- `ibm_account_guid` (String) IBM Cloud account GUID.
- `name` (String) Unique name for the credential.
- `role_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to assume.
- `secret` (Block List, Max: 1) Plain and encrypted version of the credential (the plain version is never stored in the database) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--secret))
- `skip_cert_verification` (Boolean) SkipVerify if should skip certificate verification in tls communication.
- `type` (String) Credential type.
- `url` (String) URL is the server base url.
- `use_aws_role` (Boolean) Indicates if authentication should be done with the instance's attached credentials (EC2 IAM Role).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the credential.

<a id="nestedblock--api_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `api_token`

Optional:

- `plain` (String) Plain text value for the secret. Note: marshalling to JSON will convert to an encrypted value

Read-Only:

- `encrypted` (String) Encrypted value for the secret


<a id="nestedblock--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret`

Optional:

- `plain` (String) Plain text value for the secret. Note: marshalling to JSON will convert to an encrypted value

Read-Only:

- `encrypted` (String) Encrypted value for the secret


